There's a traitor within MI5.
Someone set up Abid Malik
and killed Hannah because
she found out.
Malik is the only
one who knows who
the ringleaders are.
I need to ask
some questions.
Did you help plant the
bomb that blew up
London 11 months ago?
-You had a visitor.
-It's DS Philips.
-Can I call you back?
-I've told them
everything I know.
He's asking a lot of
questions about you.
Are you a suspect?
No. Not that
anyone's told me.
Were they MI5?
-Two bombs!
-Two nuclear bombs?
What if they are
planning another attack?
MAN ON TV: 'Well, it's been
a long time coming and
finally, it's arrived.
'The whole world's eyes
are on London as it opens
the event of the summer.
'One that promises to be
a spectacular few weeks
in international sport...'
AUTOMATED FEMALE VOICE: 'I'm
sorry, the number you have
dialled can not be connected.'
[TV COMMENTARY CONTINUES]
AUTOMATED FEMALE VOICE:
'I'm sorry, the number
you have dialled...'
you have dialled cannot...'
MAN ON TV: 'The noise is
incredible and this is
certainly a sight to behold
'as 80 thousand people
get to their feet
'and wave a multitude
of flags and banners.
'I can't even imagine
what this...'
WOMAN ON RADIO:
'To the athletes below...
'It's certainly breathtaking
from here in the commentary box.
'And finally the crowd
are starting to settle
beneath me...'
FEMALE AUTOMATED VOICE:
'I'm sorry, the number
you have dialled...'
[STATIC ON RADIO]
[CAR HORNS HONKING]
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTERING]
[MAN'S VOICE ECHOING] Moving...
I said, keep moving.
MAN ON TV: 'Today we bring
you coverage from memorial
events across the country...'
WOMAN ON TV: 'Among the
numerous events taking place
today will be one in Yorkshire'
'where our own Prime Minister
will address the nation.
-You're late.
-I had to get the bus,
Charlie. The bus.
It was very important
that no-one trailed us here.
Next time though, do you think
it's possible to meet somewhere
that's not so bloody creepy?
-What's this about, Charlie?
-I don't really know
where to begin.
Sounds serious.
-It's to do with Hannah's death.
The information she died for.
-What? What did she know?
That someone in MI5 was directly
involved in the London bombing.
And the four ring leaders
behind the attack didn't
die in the blast.
-They escaped the country.
-Jesus! How do you know this?
Rachel and I, we've been
following the trail
for the past month.
-Without telling us?
-We didn't want to
put you at risk.
That's why we're all here now.
It led us to Camp
Windsmere, the Government's
secure facility,
and to Dr Abid Malik.
The man responsible for
constructing the bomb.
-Have you spoken to him?
-Yes, and it gets worse.
Right. Somebody in our own
organisation is responsible
for the bomb that destroys
London, and there's
worse to come?
We have reason to believe
there's a second bomb.
The only lead we
have is Dr Malik.
We can't speak to him while
he's secured at Camp Windsmere.
The only way we can
is to break him out.
Camp Windsmere's a high-security
complex. It's treason.
-They don't mess around
if they catch you for that.
-CHARLIE: It's our only way.
It's two days to
Memorial Day and we've
every reason to believe
that's when they'll
use the second device.
We can't risk MI5 finding
out we know anything.
We can't even go to Yates.
We have to.
No, she'd have to tell her
superiors, and until we know who
the leak is in MI5,
we can't do that.
I know this is a lot to take on.
I can't make any of you do this.
-What do you want us to do?
-We need someone
to be in the Camp.
We can't do it without
someone on the inside.
We need one of you to
become a terror suspect.
Charlie, I know, once I'm
in there, I'm not MI5.
I'm a genuine suspect,
held under the Amendment to
the Prevention of Terrorism Act.
If anything goes wrong,
if you lot screw up...
I'm in there for good.
There's nothing you, Yates,
anyone can do.
-I'll be a prisoner.
-You don't have to do this.
I sort of do.
It's the whole reason
I signed up after the bomb.
So I could make a difference.
If I choose not to do this now,
it's all been for nothing.
Charlie?
Please don't screw it up,
all right?
It's a big risk, Charlie.
I know, but everything we need,
all the equipment,
it's right here.
We just can't expose what we're
doing to anyone else in MI5.
That includes Yates.
So how are we getting on
with the cover story?
It's very important that we have
some kind of dummy mission.
Introducing one Nikolai Benoit.
Born in the Ukraine.
Mainly deals in drugs.
The man's the
definition of small time.
CHARLIE: Well, as far as
Yates is concerned, he's
graduated to the big time.
-KYLIE: Benoit, what
a lovely car.
-Thank you.
-I'm Jack.
She's Lucy. We're MI5.
-This is harassment. I'm clean.
No. No, you're not.
-I'm mostly clean.
-The big box of MDMA
in your boot says otherwise.
It's for personal use!
I doubt that. But it's OK. We
don't want clean. We want dirty.
-In fact we need you to
get very dirty.
-No, no, no...
Sorry, need was the wrong word.
It makes it sound like we're
giving you a choice.
Arms dealing. People
trafficking. Forgery.
-You name it, you're into it.
-MI5 sponsor terrorism?
You' won't actually do anything.
It'll just look like you are.
Posed surveillance
photographs, staged phone
calls we'll be tapping.
-What's in for me?
-We'll forget about your
little party pack in the back.
And we're nice to you.
You don't wake up in a morning
to find someone's
swapped your inhaler for
something far nastier.
-Nikolai Benoit.
-Better known amongst his
terrorist clientele as Mr WMD.
He deals in everything
from Kalashnikovs to
short range missiles.
OK, track him and find
out if he'd be a threat
to Memorial Day.
There's your authorisation.
Keep up the good work.
You OK?
DS Phillips. I asked him
to temporarily suspend
the investigation
into Julian Nelson's murder.
-Thanks.
-I didn't do it for you.
I did it for the team.
There's a lot at stake here
and we need you.
This DS Phillips, he's got
the bit between the teeth,
this guy wants to make
a name for himself.
-Did you do it?
Did you kill that man?
-What? No!
-Did you?
-Honestly, no!
You know when I was
a police officer
a number of times I had
to ask a suspect that,
and everyone always
said they were innocent.
But their body language
always gave them away.
Little things that they did.
You start to notice it.
-You start to listen to what
they're really telling you.
-Rachel.
Equipment for you, it'll help
you get out of Windsmere.
We had to get this signed
out by Yates, so for God's
sake, don't lose it.
What does she think
we're using it for?
I told her that we had
a security problem at Benoit's.
We needed to erase
the CCTV footage.
You stick this to the bottom
of the CCTV camera.
It turns the image into a still.
When you leave, you activate it.
It sends a EMP shock into the
system, and wipes the images.
-No evidence.
It's pretty impressive.
-Roll up your sleeve.
I need to inject you
with a tracking liquid.
We'll all be carrying one.
If anything goes wrong,
we can trace you.
It's fine,
I can take care of that.
How you getting on with
the arms sales receipts?
Yep, they're almost done.
Quality forgeries.
When I've finished
with Benoit, they'll think
he's dealing nukes.
Doesn't this feel weird to you?
Lying to Yates like this.
We don't have a choice
if there's another bomb.
Can someone give Vik a buzz?
Need to fit him
with the new tooth.
I'll do it now.
JEZ: What's Rob doing?
CHARLIE: He's fitting a false
tooth with a barbiturate
capsule hidden inside.
JEZ: What will it do?
CHARLIE: When he swallows it,
it will reduce the metabolic
rate of the central
nervous system
and lower his blood pressure.
-An induced coma, hopefully.
-Hopefully?
CHARLIE: If he doesn't get
treatment within 15 minutes
of taking it, it'll kill him.
-I can't believe he's
going in there.
-It's OK. Rob'll be there.
[DOOR CLOSES]
How are we doing with Camp
Windsmere's employment data?
There's lots of encryption and
security, so I'm piggy-backing
in on an MI5 log-in.
We need a legend name for
Rob on that emergency list.
Also, check the profile
of the prison doctor, see
if he's got a weakness.
I'm ready.
We've uploaded data that
confirms you are now a
prime terrorism suspect.
There's a warrant for your
arrest. You're hot, Vik.
-Bloody hell.
This is real, isn't it?
-Last chance.
-Do you want to
change your mind?
-Too late now.
CHARLIE: It won't be long
before you're picked up.
They'll have the whole
city on high alert for you.
Armed Police! Armed Police!
[SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
[SCREAMING]
Wait.
Arms up.
Clear.
[MACHINE BEEPING]
CHARLIE: 'You will be fitted
with a tracking device.
'They're going to know
where you are, at all times.
'Everything is designed to
demoralise you. To break you.'
'Just remember,
'you might feel
like you're alone.
'But you're not.'
-Vik'll be OK.
-He better be, Charlie.
I hope to God you know
what you're doing here.
-Me too.
-OK, I'm ready.
Is it too much? Or too little?
Can't take any chances.
It's got to work.
That dress, it works.
It's a classic honey trap.
The prison doctor leaves
work at exactly the same
time each night.
He uses the south gate
to exit the camp.
-Is everything OK?
-It's so annoying. I was on
my way to this party...
Yeah, I noticed the outfit.
Of course.
It's meant to be noticed.
-Could you just, um...
Sort of stop doing that?
-What?
The whole breasts and
thighs thing. I'm sure
you're a very nice woman.
Men have injured themselves
fantasising about me.
I believe it. It's just...
I'm not that way inclined.
At all.
-Ah. Well, now I feel stupid.
-Don't.
-And slutty.
-Well, yes.
I really don't make
a habit of this,
it's just I was getting
ready for my party, and
getting in the mood,
probably a bit too high...
-High?
-Yeah.
-That's bad, isn't it?
-Well, you know, it depends
what you mean by high.
And if...
You've got enough to,
go around.
[LAUGHS]
Honours?
-As a physician, I'd just like
to say I'm dead against this.
-Ah! Duly noted.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Hi, Charlie, it worked a treat.
He's out for the count.
He'll wake up
with the hangover from hell.
There's no way he'll
be working tomorrow.
Nice work. Time for Dr Rob.
SECURITY GUARD: ID, please.
-That's Rob at the camp
entrance. 10.34 precisely.
-Excellent.
Kylie? Do you have
a signal on his tracker?
Signal loud and clear. If
anything goes wrong,
we'll have his location.
I sent Yates another
file on Benoit.
She's occupied enough with
Memorial Day security
so we should be in the clear.
CHARLIE: Good work, Kylie.
SECURITY GUARD: Clearance
to medical block, go on through.
CHARLIE: He's through.
His legend's holding up.
-Rob's got to be in place
when Vik takes that capsule.
-Don't worry, he will be.
GUARD: Pass your
case to the left and walk
through the scanner.
ID card? Hand there, please.
Latex fingerprints.
With an added bonus.
The biometrics also
contain a binary virus.
Couple of months ago,
MI5 systems came under
attack from a virus.
The Panic Bug. Turns
out it was some 14-year-old
kid showing off.
He now works for us
in research and development.
-What does the virus do?
-CHARLIE: Triggers all
emergency systems.
So, if it went off in here,
we'd have fire alarms,
chemical alert, the works.
-Hence the name Panic Bug.
-So your fingerprints
get scanned.
The information on them is sent
to their main system, to ID you.
We've coded the information
to carry something else.
It's a classic Trojan Horse,
sending the code
into their system.
We've given you 20 minutes
before the alarm is
automatically set off.
Relief medical officer.
-That's right.
Off the subs bench.
-OK.
Thank you.
CCTV device in place.
We're still on time.
Take it down a notch there.
-Aah!
-GUARD 1: Up against
the wall now!
GUARD 2: Everybody
against the wall. Move!
[ELECTRICAL BUZZING]
[SCREAMS]
GUARD 3: Don't come any nearer.
Stay where you are!
Back to the wall.
[SCREAMING]
GUARD 3: Stay where you are.
[SCREAMS]
CHARLIE: 'Remember when
you swallow it down,
'you have 15 minutes before
you'll need medical help.'
[YELLING]
[BANGING]
Aah!
-What have we got here?
-Scuffle in the playground.
You kids have got
to learn to play fair.
-Aah!
-I'm taking it that hurts.
It's definitely broken. I need
you to remove these shackles.
[YELLING]
[BANGING]
[YELLING CONTINUES]
Shit. Heskey, cover!
-You heard of knocking?
-His pulse is weak,
we're losing him.
OK, put him on the bed,
quick as you can.
-How long has he been like this?
-Five or ten minutes.
I'm gonna need some room.
If you clear out, please.
No, no. Don't move him.
I need to set that ankle
or he's gonna be crippled.
We'll need a field
ambulance here ASAP.
You, run to the supply room
and get me some propranolol.
Can't leave you alone.
For your own safety.
-I appreciate that but...
-I'll radio for it.
Time that's gonna take?
Shit. It's too late.
OK, come over here.
You've seen this on TV, right?
Shock to the heart. Grip onto
the trolley and we'll go
on three, right, are you set?
OK. One, two, three.
-Who the fuck are you?
-It's OK, Dr Malik.
I'm here to get you out.
Actually, we're here
to get you out.
He's the one who attacked me.
Remember the guy you saw the
other day? The technician?
He sent us.
How do I know you're not lying?
-Do you want the second
bomb to go off?
-No.
Then I'm going
to need your help.
[GASPS]
It's OK, just breathe.
It's all right, Vik.
That's all right, sit up
straight. Breathe, breathe.
It's all right, just breathe.
You OK? Vik, I'll need you back
on clock in a couple of seconds,
it's all gonna go crazy
in here, all right?
[GROANING IN PAIN]
There's a tracking
device in your neck.
I'm gonna need to remove it.
-Then what?
We just walk out of here?
-Exactly.
Blood capsules. When we get
to the admissions area, I
need you to chew down on them.
They're gonna think that
they've got a real emergency.
Forget about the cameras.
We've taken care of it.
Now I need to remove that
tracking device from your neck.
Please.
GUARD: Let him through.
Panic bug activating
in, three, two, one.
[SIRENS BLARING]
[SHOUTING]
There's a soldier in the medical
room. He needs your help.
Please, you must let us through.
I've got to get him
to a hospital.
I'll hold you personally
responsible if this man dies.
Look at him!
Just get him out of here!
Just let him through!
That's the CCTV wiped.
We're clear.
Bring him back to
the safe house.
JEZ: You got it,
Charlie, on our way.
You have to trust us, Dr Malik.
Do you have any idea where
the second bomb could be?
-I'm sorry, I don't know.
-Then we need to
find a solid lead to it.
Other cell members.
Anyone connected to them.
-Any one you can
remember at all.
-Yes, of course.
How did all this start?
I have a doctorate
in nuclear physics.
It was, ironically enough,
a passion of mine.
Charlie, message from
Kylie at the office.
Says the shit's really hitting
the fan over this break-out.
Head over there and make sure
nothing is leading to us.
You OK?
Yeah. Glad to be out of there.
I'm sure you feel the same way.
I know this is difficult,
but why did you build a
nuclear bomb for a
terrorist organisation?
Five years ago,
I was contacted by MI5.
They needed someone with my
knowledge to infiltrate a cell.
The organisation had obtained
a supply of uranium-235.
-To construct a bomb.
-Yes.
But without someone with
the knowledge of how to do it,
it's useless.
And you had the knowledge.
Yes. My MI5 handler told me
that if I helped them,
the cell would become
more important, and act
as a beacon to others.
So when MI5 swooped, they'd
have all the major players.
And it was exciting.
Being undercover.
-Thinking I was doing
something noble.
-Did you meet your handler?
No, it was all over the phone.
They told me for my safety
and for the mission it
would be more prudent to
only use dead drops.
-I thought it was normal.
How things were done.
-It sometimes is.
Towards the end,
when I started to suspect...
I arranged for the
dead drop to be photographed,
but it was useless.
You couldn't make out a thing.
The bombs were nearly ready,
and the cell was still active.
My handler told me that...
They told me that if I stopped
now, I would be responsible.
It would alert the cell,
drive them further underground.
When did you lose contact
with the handler?
Two days before. I tried
calling, leaving messages,
but all lines
of communication were gone.
I didn't realise the truth,
not till it was too late.
It's going to happen
again, isn't it?
-No. It's not.
-If there are still members
of the cell out there,
they cannot be underestimated.
Everything that's happened,
everything that's
going to happen,
they've been planning
it for a long time.
And we will find them.
But our priority now is
to find a lead,
a connection to the people
who put you up to this.
We need names, anything to stop
that second bomb from going off.
Every name here, Charlie, every
contact he has, it's no use.
Either they are in Camp
Windsmere so won't
back up his story,
or the rest that might have
provided information are
supposedly dead.
-There must be something else.
-I've told you everything.
-Well, it's not enough!
-Jez!
Do you realise what you did?
What's going to happen now?
-Come on, Jez. Jez!
-I had family. Family.
-I had family too.
-Jez, take it easy, man.
There's no time for this.
You said you tried to
photograph the dead drops.
But it's indistinct, blurred.
-It's OK, we can work with that.
-Is there a copy, a back-up?
-It's still in the
camera, but...
-Well, what?
But it's in London.
It's hidden at
my sister's house.
[MOBILE PHONE RINGS]
-Yes?
-Charlie, where are you?
En route to the office.
I'll be there soon.
I need you there
faster than that.
Place has gone on full alert,
the General Commander wants to
address all M15 office heads.
Saeed Khan's coming in?
He's not happy, Charlie. Not
happy at all. Fast as you can.
Shit. I've got to run.
Rachel, I need you to
prepare a kit for London,
hazmat suits, Geiger counters.
You're not seriously
planning to go back to London?
I don't have a choice.
That camera is the only way
we can ID the ring leaders.
[DOOR CLOSES]
One day before Memorial Day
and we lose the chief suspect
in the London bombings!
I've had the Prime Minister
on the phone.
Neither of us are
underestimating the security
issues involved here.
To have Dr Abid Malik
broken out of Camp Windsmere
now is catastrophic.
We have a media blackout
in place, but so far
we have nothing.
These perpetrators had
specialist equipment.
Finger-printing is coming
up blank. They even
wiped the CCTV tapes.
These people knew exactly
what they were doing.
23 hours to Memorial Day.
Any contacts, pull them in.
Any leads, no matter
how small, follow up.
We can't fail our country again.
The day after you request
a highly specialised
piece of equipment
to wipe CCTV footage,
the same device is used
in Camp Windsmere.
I don't know anything
about that.
No, because you've been on
the trail of Nikolai Benoit.
-How's that going?
-We have full reports...
Don't. Don't even
try that with me.
I had Benoit pulled in 15
minutes ago. He confessed to
being a patsy before
he got through the door.
You've gone against me. Whatever
you're trying to achieve...
It's to do with London.
With the bomb.
Malik is a terror suspect.
He will tell you anything
you want to hear.
I didn't realise someone like
you would be so damn stupid
to fall for something that.
I'm going to have
to go to Khan about this.
He was Hannah's lead. This is
what she was killed for.
What are you saying?
We believe there's
a leak in the organisation.
More than that...
A traitor.
-Are you sure?
-Dr Malik has a photograph
on his camera, and he says
there's an image
of the ring leader on it.
-You have the image?
-No, not yet.
It's in London,
at his sister's house.
I couldn't risk telling anyone.
But if we're to find out
who was responsible...
I hope you know the consequences
of what you are saying.
-You should have come
to me earlier about this.
-I understand.
-Have you got the necessary
equipment to get to the capital?
-We're working on it.
Charlie, I chose you as field
office leader for a reason.
You're the best I have
and I can't lose you.
Just be careful.
If what you are saying is true,
I'll make sure this
goes no further.
Geiger counter.
When it reaches this level...
Charlie ran me through it all.
-About yesterday...
-We shouldn't talk about that.
Not now.
-I just wanted to explain.
-I don't want to hear it.
You don't trust me.
-Do you really think
I murdered that man?
-Just leave it.
I care for you, Rachel.
Of course. Charlie.
Chasing after the boss.
Nice work if you can get it.
That's not what it's about.
What is it about?
Do you love him?
I have to finish
loading the car.
Be easier if I do it on my own.
-Yates knows?
-She understands our situation.
-Obviously she's not
happy we lied to her.
-You can't go back there.
-It's London, Charlie. London.
-We have to.
If we don't find out who
handled the last attack,
it'll happen again.
That second bomb is still out
there. We won't be there long.
And with Rob's medical training,
it's important he comes with me.
-Let me go instead of you.
-No. I already have radiation
sickness. It makes sense.
I can't ask anyone else to go.
Not to London.
I have to do this,
we need that camera.
You sure we need that?
It's better to have it than not.
Oh, thank you.
-We need to have a
talk when you get back.
-Uh-oh. That sounds bad.
Oh, it's not bad.
It's really, really not
the time or the place.
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
You really don't, do you?
When you get back, then.
Sure.
WOMAN ON TV: 'Thousands of
people are expected here
today to support each other
one year on from
this terrible attack.
'Let's hear from some of
those people directly affected.'
I was born in South London and
still have, had family there.
So, yeah, it means a lot to me.
You said you had family.
WOMAN ON TV: 'Today's
national events will not only
pay tribute to those who
'suffered in the tragedy...'
Parents and a sister.
WOMAN ON TV: Who
continue to support this
country's determination
to stop global terrorism.'
I'm sorry.
You thought you were
doing the right thing.
Any one of us
would have done the same.
You need to let them go.
WOMAN ON RADIO:
'Today's national events will
not only pay tribute to those
'who suffered in the tragedy,
'but will also reach out to
people all over the world,
'who continue to support this
country, and every nation's,
'determination to stop
global terrorism.'
The checkpoint's a
couple of miles up the road.
It's time to move off.
I don't know why they have
a checkpoint. Not like anyone
would want to go back.
Rachel was saying that Pripyat,
the town by Chernobyl,
won't be habitable
for several centuries.
-Rachel was saying
that, was she?
-A whole city.
Schools, offices,
shopping malls,
fairground, just left abandoned.
A ghost town.
-That's a little depressing.
-Yeah. It is.
OK, we should suit up.
When we get out of the car we'll
only have 15 minutes before
the radiation will start
to penetrate the suits.
That one is Malik's
sister's house.
Did you hear that?
-What?
-Listen.
The heebie jeebies, mate.
I'm getting 'em as well.
-I've got it.
-Cool.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Charlie, get down!
[GUNSHOTS]
-Are you OK?
-Let's get out of here.
[RINGING]
-Hello?
-It's Yates.
If you're not alone, say,
"Can you repeat that, please?"
Could you repeat that, please?
You can't let anyone know
I'm talking to you.
Charlie and Rob
are under attack.
Someone on your own
team has betrayed you.
I'm sending you co-ordinates
for a meeting point.
You must not be followed.
Lose your mobile or they'll
trace it. Trust no one.
If you understand,
say you're not interested
in buying a new kitchen.
I'm sorry, I'm not interested
in a new kitchen. Thank you.
Cockroaches and telesales.
The two things that could
survive a nuclear blast.
-Did you see his face?
-No.
-If he was sent to
assassinate us...
-Somebody knew.
It can't be someone on our team.
I don't want to think that way
either, but, then who else?
Yates?
You can't dismiss
the possibility.
If you start thinking like that,
it could be any of us.
It could be me or you.
If I wanted to shoot you,
I'd have done it when
your back was turned.
The only thing I'm sure of is
that it's neither of us.
Rachel wouldn't forgive me
if I let anything happen to you.
-What do you mean?
-You know what
I mean, come on, Charlie.
-Don't make me spell it out.
-She said something to you?
Right, this is the point
that you make me spell it out.
I'll start on Malik's photo.
It could take a while
so put your foot down.
We need to get out of
London as soon as possible.
MAN ON TV:
'Leaders showing support for
the British people, but also...'
Power cut?
Fuse box is upstairs, Jez.
Can you go check it out?
-Yes, ma'am.
-Come on, we're leaving.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
'You have one new message.'
RACHEL: 'Charlie, Yates called.
Are you OK?
'I'm moving Malik to
a safe house.'
Rob. It's Yates.
-What?
-The MI5 traitor,
Malik's false handler.
Yates is our traitor.
[PHONE LINE RINGING]
Rachel, come on,
come on. Come on.
-Where are we going?
You didn't tell your colleague.
-Somewhere safer.
All I know is the longer we stay
here, the more danger you're in.
Please. We have to go.
There's nothing
wrong with any...
WOMAN ON TV: 'We're now
approximately one hour
'from the Prime Minister's
much anticipated
speech to the nation.
'And the crowds are really
starting to build here.'
WOMAN: I don't think
anyone will ever forget
where they were
when they heard the news.
I think about it, every day.
The response has been amazing.
There's so many
different people.
She must have said something.
No. I went to fix the fuse box.
When I came back they'd gone.
Look through everything Yates
has been in charge of.
Every order she's signed.
Everything she's dotted
and crossed.
There must be something
that doesn't fit.
We have to locate that bomb.
Get back to me. We're going
to try and find Rachel.
Guys, Yates is a traitor...
And she's got Rachel.
Hello?
What is this place?
It's OK.
Yates will look after us now.
[GUNSHOT]
Check for a pulse.
-Wh-what are you doing?
-I said check for a pulse. Now.
Saeed Khan. Now.
I don't care. Tell him it's
Charlie Green from
Field Office 19.
Charlie, speak to me now.
Yates has planted the bomb
and she's got Rachel Harris.
He's dead.
I...I don't understand.
Was he a threat?
Yes. Yes, he was.
But not any more.
But he said he was used, he said
he wasn't behind the bombing.
He was used, Rachel.
MAN ON TV: 'We're now
only moments away from
the Prime Minister's speech
'the atmosphere is
overwhelming.'
WOMAN ON TV: Too much to bear.
Others are thankful still
to be here at all.'
It doesn't have to be this way.
-I'm sorry. It does.
-No.
Look, it hurts me to have to
do this. Especially to you.
Just tell me why. Please.
I have to know why.
I am sorry. You've left me
with no other option.
[GUNSHOT]
Yates' security orders,
backdated to March last year.
How far do you think
we've gotta go back?
Don't know. She could have been
planning this for years.
What the hell are they doing?
Why aren't you heading
back to the office?
-We are.
-No. I've got Rob's signal.
You're on the east side of
the City, you're not moving.
Another tracker's
been activated.
It must be Rachel.
She could lead us to Yates
and the second bomb.
[GASPING] They'll find you.
I suppose they will. You made
sure of that, didn't you?
In a few minutes the world
will see the message,
that this war is not over,
it's just beginning.
Stop feeling so sorry
for yourself.
We're all going to die, Rachel.
You and me.
MAN ON TV:
'The Prime Minister's convoy
arriving slowly into the square.
'His car flanked by
the security services.'
WOMAN ON TV: 'The square is
full, packed with spectators
desperate to see
the Prime Minister.'
Three weeks ago, Khan
ordered a security sweep
of city amenities.
Rail services, water plants,
especially anything
concentrated on the centre.
Yates was in charge of it.
One firm handled most of it,
a minor one covered
the sewer system.
KYLIE: We have to
look into everything
Yates was overseeing.
I can't find a listing.
I'll double check under
different spellings.
Find out what
areas they covered.
I'll pull up a map
of the sewers.
Nothing. Either they've changed
their name or they never existed
in the first place.
Ah, God. Two days ago they
were in the tunnels
beneath Union Square.
Right under the
memorial service.
MAN ON TV: As the flag flies
at half mast, the prime
minister takes the stage,
shaking hands with other
international leaders...
The second bomb...
I don't understand...
I wish you could.
I wish you could have
seen what I've seen.
I was one of the
best interrogators that MI5 had.
I believed in what
we were doing.
Like you.
KYLIE: Charlie. We think
Yates has put the
bomb in the sewers.
Get down there now, you've got
to find it. We're almost back.
MAN ON TV:
'We're crossing over live
to Union Square,
'where the Prime Minister
is starting his address
to the nation.'
PRIME MINISTER:
There is not a single soul
in this country who was
not touched by the events
of last year in some way.
The tragedy.
The loss of life.
The loss...
Of a city.
These people, that's the
phrase we used to use.
"What's wrong with
these people?"
There was one man.
He didn't need to be broken.
He just spoke.
Four, five hours. Maybe more.
Please...
How corrupt our
society is, broken,
how people like me just
accept it, and become part
of the mechanism...
OK, Union Square should
be straight down here.
PRIME MINISTER: We do this now
not just for ourselves, but to
honour those who have gone.
-Please, please help me...
-I am trying to help you.
I'm trying to help
you understand what it was like.
To have someone
explain so clearly
all these little doubts that
had been eating away at you.
JEZ: This way, come on, hurry!
I believed in what he said.
They'll find you...
Maybe I played my part
in training you all too well.
Under different circumstances,
I'd almost be proud.
I'm sorry, Rachel.
Come on.
Kylie, update.
-It's a maze down here,
it could be anywhere.
-Just keep looking.
If Yates is in there,
we need her alive.
She's our only link
to that bomb.
Put it down.
-You know I can't
do that, Charlie.
-Where's the second bomb?
-Last warning!
-This isn't the end, Charlie,
this is only the beginning.
No!
[GUNSHOT]
Rachel, Rachel...
It's no use, Charlie.
Rachel, it's Rob,
can you hear me?
Oh, my God!
It's Rob. Rachel,
can you hear me?
Rachel, nod if you can hear me.
I've got a weak pulse,
keep talking to her, Charlie.
Jesus, this is bad.
It's Charlie, Rachel. It's going
to be OK. I promise you...
Yeah. Hello, I need
an ambulance.
-Jez, talk to me. The bomb?
-Still searching, Charlie.
We think it could be right under
the Square. We're really close.
Did you find her?
Did you find Rachel?
-Yeah, we found her, she's safe.
-Charlie...
We remain together.
We remain a country.
We remain strong...
JEZ: Charlie! We found it.
Bomb squad's going in now.
We do this
not just for ourselves,
but to honour those
who have gone.
OK, we're losing her pulse,
we're gonna start CPR.
Charlie, put your hand on the
wound and press hard for me.
This day, we remember them.
Don't you dare leave us!
Press as hard as
you can, Charlie.
Come on, Rachel,
fucking come on!
We will not forget.